For the end of our journey,
let's try some conclusions and have a final look at
possible other related courses.
Developing applications that are tested at different levels is a
widely-spread present day software development technique.
Unit testing overrides our basic components working in isolation.
We make sure we are writing safer code and we are finding bugs early.
Integration testing looks at the units combined as a group.
Each unit may work fine in isolation,
but this does not ensure the integration with other units.
System testing scrutinizes the complete software.
Usually, we work in a consumer-driven testing mode,
and for some part of it, using mock objects.
Acceptance testing ensures the compliance with the business requirements,
more detail, testing with respect to user needs,
requirements, and business processes.
We have shown a comprehensive work to cover the whole
pyramid from its basis to the top.
When it did,
like in the case of lack of integration between Arquillian and JUnit5,
we have also emphasized the problems that you may still face at the time
on declarations or new versions will be available.
As we have passed through all levels of testing pyramid,
we must point out other related courses that Pluralsight is currently providing,
JUnit 5 Fundamentals by Esteban Herrera,
TDD with JUnit 5 and Java: BDD Fundamentals,
both by Catalin Tudose who is also the author of this Implementing a Test
Pyramid Strategy in Java that you are currently following.
And of course,
it is worth following the Pluralsight website as
related courses may appear frequently.
I hope you have enjoyed our journey and that the presented
information and examples will be useful for your activity.
Thanks for watching. See you soon in the next course.